In the future, nobody will buy printed newspapers or books because they will be able to read everything the want. online without paying. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

Nowadays, a great number of people argue that no one will pay to buy newspapers or books in the latter life, because of the development of the Internet and mobile software. While there might post a negative effect on writer or newspaper industry, I do believe that will benefit our lives.
Online reading has a good bargain and much more convenient than the traditional access to news or knowledge. In the recent times, people need to go to a booth or a store in order to purchase fresh newspapers or the book they wanted. Sometimes it might bring a high cost if you keep buying it all the times. Furthermore, it is unlikely for you to buy books which are really out of date. As the swift development of the Internet, people can get whatever they want in such a short time. Also, there are a bunch of websites or apps provide visual books or newspapers, which charge no money. Z-library, for example, the largest visual library around the world, provide thousands of books and without costing you.
On the other hand, there are still some drawbacks of reading online without payment. Firstly, there are also will be subscription in some news or reading apps. For instance, the app The New York Times will need you to subscribe their services or you probably cannot have the access to the news they have written. Secondly, if we continuing using the pirate website to download the books and without give any kinds of payment to the writer, it is likely to decline their motivation to write new books. That is what we would not like to see in the future.
In conclusion, I agree with that it might have some drawbacks to read online and pay no money in some content, but I do think there is likely to have more benefit to the readers if they have more convenient and cost-less way to gain news or knowledge.
